adding the `skip_chain` call to documentation (#18)
givelively/gl_command: README.md

  end
end
```

> And if you need to stop and skip `chain` to run, pass the `skip_chain` inside the call method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And if you need to return early (and skip the `chain`), call `skip_chain` - or else you will get an error: `#chain method not called in GLCommand::Chainable #call.`
```
